---
layout: post  
title: Week 5
---
  #### What type of things are you looking for when you select an open source  project to work on?  
    
   I follow this criteria that I made up just now when it comes to selecting an open source project to work on:  
      
   - How familiar am I with the project? How useful is the project to me? -- ie. have I used it before? I like to lean towards projects that I've used extensively before.
   - Is the source code well-documented? It would help with understanding the project and the issues that people have reported.
   - Is the project still being updated? This part doesn't have much weight, but it's a bit sad if you're th only one maintaining it for a user base consisting of just yourself.
   
  #### What are you able to offer to the team that you will be working on for the project? (what are your strengths)  
   
   I aim to complete most of my deadlines on time. I use a lot of JS. I know how to Google search stuff. 
   
  #### What are you hoping to learn from working on an open source project?  
  
   I hope to learn the etiquettes of working on an open source project. And how to get a PR approved. 
   
  #### What are you most worried about when you are thinking about and planning  to work on an open source project? 

   I worry about whether I would even be able to contribute at all because I'm not too sure if my current knowledge would even help. I would have to learn the project from the ground up (or at least until I would be able to help out with the issues), and I fear that it might take quite a long time.  
   
 #### Summarize your contributions made this week, if any
  No contributions this week.
 #### Questions for Aurelia 
  - You seem to be involved in a lot of open source related activites -- how do you juggle them all?
  - What other project do you want to work on if given the time?