---
layout: post  
title: Week 8
---
### Humanitarian
  According to the Merrian Webster dictionary, the definition of the word _humanitarian_ (adj) is "relating to or characteristic of people who work to improve the lives and living conditions of other people".  
  
  Using this definition of __humanitarian__, I could definitely say some open source projects that I am familiar with could be classified as humanitarian / having humanitarian aspect.  
    
  One stellar example would be Open Street Map. Maps are a critical resource in aiding relief, and Open Street Map has a team (HOT - Humanitarian Open Streetmap Team) that creates and provides up-to-date maps that helps first responders to easily reach those in need of help. Further, there are places that is missing a map. This open source project pools in efforts from volunteers to generate those missing maps. 
  
  On the other hand, I am not so sure if open source projects such as Mozilla Firefox or VLC would fit in with the definition. They're free, they're a great alternative to its proprietary counterparts, and so in a way, they do have an immediate impact on living conditions (save $$), but the impact they provide isn't as big as something like the Humanitarian Open Streetmap Team. It's not as if the browser or the video player will directly help save lives. 

### Project - Progress

  For the project, our group have set up the appropriate desktop environment to go over several open issues. Unfortunately, we were not able to replicate some of the issues (such as [issue #4506](https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/4506)), but we did manage to come up with an explanation as to why one of the issue behaved the way it did and came up with an alternative fix not relating to the code (see Dan's response to [issue #4508](https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/4508)). The original poster has yet to respond. 
    
  The lack of labels can be a little bit frustrating when it comes to searching for issues.  
  

### Project - What's next?
  I will be going over some more issues and determine if it's within our team's capability. If so, I will bring it up the next time we meet again. I also plan to further familiarize myself with the project.
  

### Contributions  
  - I was able to confirm course website [issue #96 (see my comment)](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/96) and I submitted a request to claim that issue.  
  - I made a wikipedia contribution concerning the Kodomonokuni Theme Park. [See my contribution page here.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/64_oz_wine_glass)