---
layout: post  
title: Week 4
---

#### Raising a Pull Request

  The issue that I was assigned to is [#39: improper useage of semicolon](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/39).  
    
   - Firstly, I forked the original repository via fork button on github website to my personal account.  
   - Then I ran `git clone` on the forked repository so I can have a local copy on my machine. Following that, I changed directory into that local copy via `cd cs480_s18`.  
   - On my machine, I located the problematic file whose directory is located inside ` _includes/daily/04.markdown`.  
   - To fix the problem, I replaced semicolons with colons.  
   - Afterwards, I ran `git status` on my command-line to make sure that I have made a change.  
   - To stage the changed file, I ran `git add __includes/daily/04.markdown`.
   - To commit the changed file, I ran `git commit -m "Issue 39: fixed improper usage of semicolon"`. The -m denotes the comment of the commit. 
   - To push it to my forked repo, I ran `git push`
   - Finally, I raised a pull request by navigating to my forked repository --> "Pull Request" tab --> "New Pull Request". I reviewed the changes to make sure it's exactly what I expected and wrote a comment referencing to the original issue. After all that, I hit the "submit" button to raise the pull request.
  

#### Code Triage experience

   After signing up for an account on the CodeTriage website, I followed a project called "moment". The project's description states: 
   > Parse, validate, manipulate, and diplay dates in javascript
    
   The reason why I chose to follow this project is because I have used it before. 
   
   Following the signup, I've received emails about its issues. One of which is [Issue #4330: Invalid date not isSame() as another same invalid date](https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/4330).  
   
   In that issue, the original poster inquired about a bug in which a boolean comparison between two *same* invalid dates should yield `true`, yet it returns `false`.  
   People jumped in to respond that this is indeed the correct behavior, and that it really is not a bug as the behavior should follow the precedent of `NaN === NaN` returning false (from a similar previous [Issue #2354](https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/2354)).   
   However, they did agree that the documentation should be updated to reflect that so as to not confuse anyone else. The issue is still open, but the label says "Documentation" instead of "Bug".  
   I thought this was an interesting issue as I hadn't seen a documentation issue before. Everyone was descriptive when it comes to providing details and resolutions. 