---
layout: post  
title: Week 6
---
## Team Assessment and Plan
    
#### Strengths and Weaknesses of team with moment.js
   - Dan McKenna has leadership experience. He is an excellent communicator and organizer, and he's more focused on making sure everyone on the team is on the same page and caught up. Dan's weakness is that he's worried about hitting roadblocks with limited guidance (where to go from there, how to overcome it, etc)
   - Lauren DiGiovanni's strengths include writing well-documented code in addition to writing non-redundant code. Lauren fears that she does not know enough to actually contribute.
   - Felix Plajer is a studious guy. Felix will go miles just to understand something. His weakness is that he won't know how to get started with a project as huge and active as momentjs.
   - Jason Zheng (me) have used momentjs before and is quite comfortable with JS. However, Jason isn't sure on how to get started with a huge project (ex: which relevant files to look at for the submitted issues, etc)
   
#### Meeting Time
  Our team has decided that Thursday 6-8 PM is our primary meeting time with Saturday (all day) being our alterntive meeting time.
  
#### Milestones
Our current milestone: 
1) Getting familiar with the codebase
2) Commenting on issues (confirming that issue exists by replicating it, adding more details, etc)
3) Fix documentation if there are any issues
4) Make a pull request


## Open Data Week

Here are the events that I plan on attending:
- Monday (3/5) - NYC Open Data Week @ NYU
- Tuesday (3/6) - Data Through Design: Art Exhibit

## Contributions from this week
- Made changes to `Guilty Crown` in wikipedia by removing redudant lines and adding more contrasting opinions inside the `Reception` section. [Link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/64_oz_wine_glass)