---
layout: post  
title: Week 10
---

### Reflection: Google Talk

Although Danna basically did a quick one minute elevator pitch for most of the open source projects that Google has released, I was amazed with the scale and the complexity of said projects. For example, Tensorflow is a really popular ML framework, and by releasing it as an open source, current tech will indubitably see a faster progress + more innovations.  Overall, their take on Open Source is impressive. 
   Sadly, projects such as Gmail or the search engine isn't marked for open source, and this makes sense as these projects generate tons of revenue.  

### Project progress 

For the project, I know what's needed to be done (modifying locale files to account for the feature request), but there are some javascript etiquette/code seen in the source code that I am not familiar with (such as prototype and underscores / dollar sign names), and thus, I am familiarizing myself with these concepts, and after that, I hope to make some commits (correct commits* so as to not set progress backwards) this week. 
  
  To update on the issue that dealt with the Catalan locale, discussions within that issue thread confirmed that we correctly pinpointed the source of the issue. 

### Code of Conduct for Go project  

After reading the Code for Conduct document, I can see that the biggest appeal for having the document is to impose a standard behavior so that everyone (regardless of their background) can communicate with each other efficiently and respectfully. This further allows to let people feel welcomed instead of being alienated for having different opinions. Additionally, the code of conduct also serves to provide a process for resolving conduct-related issues when they arise.

I do believe that other projects would benefit greatly from having a code of conduct document. However, I haven't seen a case where a destructive behavior has erupted from a thread when discussing projects. It's as if people inherently know how to behave themselves. That being said, while it would be really nice to have a Code of Conduct (for providing resources on how to deal with conflicts), it doesn't seem super necessary.   
  
Unfortunately, Moment.js does not have a code of conduct document, but its runner-up would be the [Contributions Guidelines.](https://github.com/moment/moment/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md)

### Additional contributions

- [Commented a fix to another comment in Moment Issue #4323](https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/4323)
- [Commented the source of issue for Moment Issue #4532](https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/4532)
- [Raised Issue #111 for Course Website](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/111)