---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


#####Explain (in your own words) the difference between software development following the cathedral model and software development following the bazaar model; which of the two environments would you be more comfortable  
  
  With Cathedral Model, software is developed by a group of developers with a central plan, and the source code is restricted to that group. On the other hand, the Bazaar Model allows anyone to contribute or modify the source code however they want. With this in mind, I would be most comfortable with the Bazaar Model because the code would be transparent and I would know exactly what will happen if I run the software. 
  

#####The Cathedral and The Bazaar essay has 19 "lessons"; pick two that you found most interesting, intriguing, telling, or that you simply liked; quote them in your blog and try to explain what they supposed to mean  
    
   - ***Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse).*** 
    To summarize and explain this lesson in four words: **reduce, reuse, and recycle**. This lesson really resonates with me because I dislike redundancy. If several functions' purposes are _really_ similar, why not just generify one of the functions?
    
   - ***Release early. Release often. And listen to your customers.***
   Customers are essentially your final QA testers. Anything they want enhanced should be noticed. Any new features they want added should be noted. Feedback and improvements are what makes a program great. Otherwise, who would ever want to use it? 