---
layout: post  
title: Week 1
---


**Open source** (what do YOU think about when you hear the term "open source"? what are some advantages of open vs. closed source, what are some potential problems with open source?)
    
    
  I think open source is great as it promotes  innovativeness and transparency. Anyone can access the blueprints of the program and modify it to suit their needs. Unfortunately, open source projects often fails to provide support. *Someone* has to volunteer their time to report bugs, fix bugs, create new features, etc. 
  
  On the other hand, closed source provides excellent service as the proprietary software is designed for user-experience. In other words, it has high usability. However, its source code is blocked off from outside view. The trade-off is that the software is more secure.
    
  
**Projects**: list names of four open source projects that you regularly use or that influenced you in some way in the past; give brief descriptions for each, explain why you use it and what the alternatives might be (note, the projects do not have to be source code based)  
  
  
  - Firefox: internet browser for whenever I'm having the "oops please clear your cache/cookies" problem in Google Chrome.  Alternatives include Chromium, Comodo Icedragon, and Midori.
  
  - VLC Media: for watching everything else that's not on YouTube. Alternatives include Miro and MPV.
  
  - FileZilla: FTP Client. I used this for my web dev classes to upload stuff to nyu i6 server. Alternatives include WinSCP and Cyberduck.
  
  - 7-zip: it's a popular file archiver for Windows. Used it to unzip downloaded zipped files. Alternatives include PeaZip. 
  
**Questions for Tom**: come up with two (or more) questions that you would like to ask Tom Callaway from RedHat when he visits the class next week   
  
    
  - Which open source project would you close source?
  - What's your favorite open source project?
  
  